.TH WAITPRINTER.SH "1" "February 2004" "C@LL - Conseil Internet & Logiciels Libres" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
waitprinter.sh \- PyKota script to wait for an SNMP-capable printer to become idle
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B waitprinter.sh
.RI hostname
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B waitprinter.sh
command.
.PP
\fBwaitprinter.sh\fP is a convenience script provided by pykota that attempts
to wait until a SNMP-capable printer becomes idle. This may be of use
in /etc/pykota/pykota.conf. The use of this command requires that the snmp
package is installed.

For further information, see the HTML documentation that came with the pykota
package, found in /usr/share/doc/pykota/html/.

.PP
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
.PP
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.
.PP
Please e-mail bugs to: Jerome Alet - alet@librelogiciel.com

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Peter Hawkins for the Debian GNU/Linux system
(but may be used by others).
